cairo->Assiut     Vip
cairo->Alexandria Vip
cairo->BeniSuief  Express
cairo->Luxor      Firstclass
cairo ->Aswan     second class
cairo->Sohag      Vip
cairo->Minia      Firstclass
assiut->Cairo     Vip
assiut->Minia     second Class
assiut->Aswan     Vip
assiut->BeniSuief Vip
assiut->Sohag     third Class
assiut->Luxor     Express
sohag->Assiut     Vip
sohag->Cairo      Express
sohag->BeniSuief  Express
sohag->Aswan      Express
sohag->Luxor      Express
sohag->Minia      Express
minia->Assiut     Vip
minia->Cairo      Express
minia->BeniSuief  Express
minia->Aswan      Vip
minia->Luxor      Express
minia->Sohag      Vip
luxor->Assiut     Vip
luxor->Cairo      Express
luxor->BeniSuief  Express
luxor->Aswan      Vip
luxor->Minia      Express
luxor->Sohag      Vip
BeniSuief->Assiut Vip
BeniSuief->Cairo  Express
BeniSuief->Luxor  Vip
BeniSuief->Aswan  Express
BeniSuief->Minia  Vip
BeniSuief->Sohag  Express
aswan->Assiut     Vip
aswan->Cairo      Express
aswan->Luxor      Express
aswan->Aswan      Express
aswan->Minia      Express
aswan->BeniSuief  Express